# DiscordToken-Grabber-Builder
HOW TO? Download all the files, and run builder.exe; select everything you want and enter your file name, also upload an icon.  FOR WINDOWS 10 &amp; 11 USERS Antivirus may pop up, in that instance, you have to go to settings and disable it before using it.  Discord-Token-Grabber-Builder Discord token grabber builder, select the features after opening it and it will create a new grabber file under the folder "dist". If windows antivirus blocks it you probably have to disable it first.  Ransomware in beta Disclaimer This Ransomware should not be used to harm/threat/hurt others. Its purpose is only to share knowledge and awareness about Malware/Cryptography/Operating Systems/Programming. NitroRansomware is an academic ransomware made for learning and spreading awareness about how security/cryptography can be used maliciously.  How it works When the .exe file is run, it encrypts the user's Documents, Desktop, and Pictures folder. It then recursively checks for any nested folders in the folders, and encrypts all of its contents. In order to decrypt the files, the user has to paste a valid Discord nitro gift subscription and submit it. The program checks if it is valid, and if it is, it is sent to your webhook. The user receives the decryption key which allows them to decrypt the encrypted files. If it is not, the decrypion key will not be sent, and the user wil not be able to open their files.  This program should only be used for educational purposes only. Do not use this on others maliciously.  Features AES Encryption/ Decryption Adds to startup registry Grabs user's PC username, name, and uuid Discord Nitro Checker Token Grabber IP Grabber Discord Webhook Logs Bank Account and Credit Card info Grabber Nitro Ransomware Discord injection
